# unitconvertor
In this Repository I have tried to design a simple unit covertor. I am successful to convert various units of length , like centimeter to meter , meter to kilometer etc. After succesfully doing this I tried to do temprature conversion . But unfortunately I am fail . There is another drawback in my code that the main menu bar(at left top corner)  also not working .Also in starting page why correct social media links are not working I am unable to know.And it may not good due to is's image it uses. I have written code for that . You can find that codes . Some of the code I hide in comments . My code is quiet lengthy (about 400+lines ) . So now I am feeling difficulty in debugging. To solve this I used AI tool (chatgpt) but unable to slove problem . So I hope anyone can understand and help me some suggestions to improve this application.

I have done this application using Tkinter, PIL , Webbrowser module of python . I used images with attractive blue shades. Here I have 2 classes i.e intro and convertor . intro does the welcome screen operation and convertor does convertor screen operation. There are also a dictionary where I have placed length and temprature parameters. As I am not successful to do temprature conversion so I have not add other parameter .

If I tell about it's uses then we can use it as a part of a scientific calculator. Previously I have created a simple calculator . If some how both are combined then the application will be more useful. Unit convertor is mostly helpful during our physics experiments , because there we mostly needs micro and macro unit conversion, other unit system to si unit system conversion . So overally it has a real life application.

At last I hope everyone would understand this application and it's drawbacks and I wish anyone will  suggest or help me in future for more improvements in this project . I will try my best to make it best.
